Q1. What is work life balance?

Ans1- Work life balance means the balance between work and life. Work should be such that we should not look at time while doing work. Life here means that doing some activities that are good for health, gives a break from work, recharging for work, being your own true self.

Q2. What does a perfect day look like?
Ans2. A perfect day is a one in which I have worked with full dedication and given time to my hobbies and going one step further in becoming a better version of yourselves and solving some personal problems.

Q3. What does work mean to you?
Ans3. Work means that something which we do and we use our mind and body for making this nature a better place to live for everyone or bring some kind of advanced for humankind without hurting the other species or for bringing a positive change in someone's life.

Q4. Give an example from your life where you defied pressure from your family or
closed ones to do something which was right according to you.
Ans4. My closed ones, currently my colleagues, asked me to consume alcohol and pressured me. I denied them. I still deny now. According to me, not having alcohol is right for me.

Q5. What is your biggest fear?
And5- Currently my biggest fear is that whether the time I am spending is going in the right direction or not and whether I am living a naturally expected life or something better than that.

Q6. What are your hobbies and interests, and to what extent have you accomplished
them?
And6- My hobbies are singing and sketching. I have accomplished them to some extent, not very good enough in them.


Q7. Provide an example of resilience from your life. Share the work you have
undertaken despite facing constant setbacks.
And7- 4-5 days back, I was very ill and had fever and cough. Even then I had gone to office because I thought that I should go and do not like to ask. Even when I am ill even then I go to office. My going to office and going against the will of the body despite facing illnes shows resilience in my life against physical body.

Q8. What movies have you seen recently? Share your insights and review
Ans8. I had watched 12th failed recently. 
About reviews it is a good movie for entertainment. Also we can learn from the struggles and hard work of the pratogonist. One thing I liked is that one does not need to be a great officer to bring a change to the country. They can begin now at their own level.
It is a good movie but there is a problem. There is a 0.01 percent chance of selection by a student. The movie sets false expectations for students preparing for upsc that they will anyhow get selected if they work very very hard. 
By watching such a movie without proper state of mind, one os bound to waste 7-8 years of their prime time of their life in preparation for upsc. maybe 0.01 of them succeed. But what about the rest. They will come out as frustated failed people in their life.
they do not have the confidence to do other jobs in other fields as their age is quite old now and they have constantly faced rejection. They do not want to face rejection now.

Q9. What are your views on veganism? Are you a vegan?
Ans9. Veganism is a very good thing, rather the only thing a person must be. In the current scenario, veganism is the only way to protect the environment and other species, also human species.
We should adopt veganism for our survival.
I am not a complete vegan. In a week, I use milk tea once and paneer once. Otherwise I use black tea, soya tea or peanut tea.
I am trying to become a complete vegan.




